[Music]
there's an electric massage
chair inside your car so that your back
doesn't hurt
and a small exercise bike to get your
legs in shape
you open the built-in mini fridge take
out a couple of meatballs
and heat them up with a built-in
microwave board
there's a tv with internet and for later
a bio toilet
installed in the back seat kind of
cramped but nice and cozy
you're not a millionaire just an
ordinary person
your car is the most average like
billions of others
all these amenities inside are crucial
but why
well you spend most of your life in your
car
there are about 1.5 billion cars in the
world
most of them passenger cars the roads
are already pretty packed
and it's impossible to find parking at
certain times of the day
but what if there were seven times more
cars
imagine that humanity just found a huge
deposit of metals
trillions of tons of iron nickel
aluminum bronze
silver and lead all over the world their
prices tumble
metals replace ceramics wood and
plastics
at the same time automakers develop a
fully integrated ai
car assembly system smart robots use
metal alloys to 3d print parts on the go
they can build a car in a matter of
hours pretty soon you can buy a car
cheaper than a new pair of sneakers
people buy several cars at once
luxury car brands lose a lot of money
since all cars now
are of much higher quality oh boy more
and more traffic jams are popping up
everywhere
people start to panic and shut down all
new car production
but it's too late every single person on
earth
already has a car now to get to the
nearest supermarket
you have to spend at least 90 minutes in
traffic you can't walk either
because the exhaust fumes are insane a
10-minute walk around the block gives
you a nasty cough
inside a car though you can crank up the
air purification system and breathe
deeply
there are thousands of service stations
that don't just do repairs anymore
they also equip your interior to make
your drive more convenient
you recently got a game console
installed why would you ever leave your
car anymore
your ears are always ringing even if
you're at home trying to fall asleep
you can still hear cars honking outside
you're so used to it it actually sounds
like silence
you don't remember the last time you
drove faster than 20 miles per hour
you've forgotten what speed is highways
byways local streets parking lots
every inch of road is filled with cars
so you're crawling to the supermarket
you look out the window and see your
friend in the lane next to you
you have a chat he shares some snacks
with you and you hand him
a wireless controller so you can play
each other
on your new game console traffic jams
are bringing
people together you don't really know
anything about your friend
but you've met up almost every weekend
on the way to the supermarket
you even finished a few video games
together over the past month
just in the car while playing your video
game you accidentally hit
and scratch someone else's car but the
driver doesn't turn around
or say anything all cars these days have
minor damage
it's impossible to avoid when everyone's
packed in so tight
insurance companies don't even deal with
scratches and bumps anymore
a few years ago a scratch on your new
car would have ruined your whole day
but now you don't care and roads are a
lot less dangerous
what's the worst that can happen when
everyone's doing 15 down the highway
motorbikes are becoming really rare it's
just that much
fun to ride along at a slower than
snail's pace
people make new motorbike clubs and most
ride out in the woods
you finally arrive at the supermarket
good thing there's a 20-story parking
building nearby
there's also an underground lot after
shopping you spend another hour getting
home
if you live in an apartment there's one
more step you've got to go through
there's a special vertical parking
structure on every block
you drive in get out and the car gets
lifted up into a sea of parked cars
but it's expensive you're trying to save
up for a trip
so you try your luck parking on the
street when you finally find a spot
you realize you're five miles from home
when you get out take a look at the
mountain of groceries you'll have to
carry
and decide to spend the night in your
car it's got everything you need
except for a hot shower there are cars
parked
everywhere all with people inside
they're spending the night just like you
you lie back and look up through the
sunroof at the dull gray sky
and realize you haven't seen the sun
crisp white clouds
or blue skies for a long time the
exhaust from all the cars forms a
constant thick haze
you can't see more than a block in any
direction
some are starting to say that we should
abandon our cars
melt them down and store the scrap metal
deep underground
exhaust fumes are a real problem for
people breathing
playing sports playing outside those are
considered really dangerous these days
the worst part for you is that you
haven't heard a single bird sing for
ages even out in the suburbs let's say
one day your car breaks down something
wrong with the engine
it takes you a few hours to even get to
the nearest garage
now you need to wait for your turn
millions of car repair companies have
sprung up all over the world
but it's not nearly enough to keep up
with demand the waiting list for a major
car
issue can be over a year that's why
you decided ages ago to buy mechanic
textbooks online
and watch instructional videos on
youtube for at least an
hour on the weekends somehow you managed
to fix your busted engine
you share your success on instagram and
your friends are impressed
maybe you could open up your own youtube
channel helping people fix their own
cars
the auto industry is developing and
changing every month
the newest craze you no longer have to
go to the supermarket for food
bus shops appear all over the city
you're waiting in traffic and see a
supermarket on wheels in the left lane
you hop out of your car get on the bus
and buy
everything you need if you can squeeze
through the cars to get there and back
if you don't want to wiggle your way
around all those cars
you can just jump from roof to roof
nobody cares anymore
a few weeks later you start seeing
hospitals on wheels
libraries cafes even gyms some clever
truck owners refitted their vehicles
into gyms on wheels
someone installed a projector in their
convertible and now
shows movies on a tarp they set up on
the suv in front of them
but your favorite of these new services
museums on wheels
each museum is an extra long refitted
school bus
the air problem eventually gets solved
by electric vehicles
soon everyone switched over and you can
finally breathe
fresh air it feels like honey in your
lungs
the sky is finally turning blue to
relieve the crazy traffic
cities start building underground
tunnels and soon
traffic jams are well they're still
ridiculous
years pass the structure of the human
skeleton changes
people have been sitting in their cars
so long that their spines have become
weak
people need to exercise more some people
go to extreme
lengths they rip the engine out of their
car and install a sort of
pedal system now to get anywhere they
need to pedal
a lot every year people try to make
their cars more advanced
the problems with air quality and
people's health have been solved
the last big challenge getting rid of
traffic jams
permanently scientists and engineers
create a gravity engine
that you can buy if you're a millionaire
basically you can
float your car to work not every driver
can afford it
but almost everyone can afford to
install a powerful propeller in their
car
hella car time the roads get freer and
way less congested
but there's serious new problems up
there in the sky
anyway that's another story